# Data_Analize_Task

 	Task 1: A medical experiment is conducted with participation of patients suffering from Hepatitis B virus. 5 patients have been given a medicine against the virus and then a liver parameters' analysis is conducted to check the effect of the medicine. Before taking the medicine, each patient passes a full check-up, which includes also liver parameters' analysis. The first pre-dose (i.e. before the medicine is taken) day is defined as Baseline, the other days are numerated/denoted accordingly - Day 3, Day 10, Day 17 and Day 27. Thus, the laboratory provides you with longitudinal data for each patient: liver parameters' data for the Baseline and 4 other days. We concentrate only on 1 parameter, called Albumin, and analyze the results for the above mentioned 5 time periods. 
The Baseline values for each patient are normally distributed random variables, with Mean = 4 g/dl and Standard Deviation (SD) = 1. The other day values (Day 3, Day 10, Day 17 and Day 27) are again normally distributed random variables, with Mean = 3.5 g/dl and SD = 0.5.
We Kindly ask you, to generate data for this 5-patient sample according to the conditions (Mean and SD) provided above, and visualize that data in two formats:
	Albumin Levels longitudinal plot for each patient: 1 plot including all patients and showing their longitudinal profile over above mentioned 5 time-periods. Please, specify each patient with different shades of the same color in the legend.
	One Summary Albumin Levels plot including all patients, which shows their mean Albumin levels for all days plus/minus their SD (Mean ± SD). 
* It is highly preferable for us to use the R's Traditional functionalities (base plotting package). Please, avoid using ggplot framework for visualizations.
